---
layout: post
title:  "Tips"
date:   2024-12-10 16:32:46 -0500
categories: jekyll update
---

When learning how to use a new application, it always nice to have someone give you some tips to make the learning curve not so steep!

Some tips to help you use OpenAI more efficiently are:

- Be precise and descriptive in your prompts
- Use the latest model
- Give directions on what to do in your prompts

### Be Precise

As with anything that you do, being precise with what you OpenAI to perform is very important!

It is definitely a good thing that OpenAI has all this information, but if you are not precise with your question it is quite easy for OpenAI to give you an undesired answer!

Therefore, make sure to provide OpenAI with examples on how you want your answer formatted, keep questions concise, and use words that will push the model in the right direction!

### Using The Latest Model

As I have previously stated, these machine learning and AI models have so much information that they need to be trained on.

Thus, these models are picking up new information everyday and the composition of them changes in a short period of time.

This makes it quite imperative to use latest model to make sure you are getting the up-to-date information about the question you asked!

### Give Direction On "What To Do"

Machine learning models are not that different from humans: they get flustered when you tell them they are doing the wrong thing!

Things will be more efficient if you explicity tell OpenAI what you need it to do! It will save you the frustration!